Release notes for BoTorch 0.8.1 (#1615)
pytorch/botorch: CHANGELOG.md

The release log for BoTorch.

## [0.8.1] - Jan 5, 2023

### Highlights
* This release includes changes for compatibility with the newest versions of linear_operator and gpytorch.
* Several acquisition functions now have "Log" counterparts, which provide better
numerical behavior for improvement-based acquisition functions in areas where the probability of

> imporvement is low. For example, `LogExpectedImprovement` (#1565) should be more accurate than

Reviewer: ```suggestion
improvement is low. For example, `LogExpectedImprovement` (#1565) should be more accurate than
```

Author: Yep I'm sure that's right.

> improvement is low. For example, `LogExpectedImprovement` (#1565) should be more accurate than

Author: ```suggestion
improvement is low. For example, `LogExpectedImprovement` (#1565) should behave better than
```

* Bug fix: Stop `ModelListGP.posterior` from quietly ignoring `Log`, `Power`, and `Bilog` outcome transforms (#1563).
* Turn off `fast_computations` setting in linear_operator by default (#1547).

#### Compatibility
* Require linear_operator == 0.3.0 (#1538).
* Require pyro-ppl >= 1.8.4 (#1606).
* Require gpytorch == 1.9.1 (#1612).

#### New Features
* Add `eta` to `get_acquisition_function` (#1541).
* Support 0d-features in `FixedFeatureAcquisitionFunction` (#1546).
* Add timeout ability to optimization functions (#1562, #1598).
* Add `MultiModelAcquisitionFunction`, an abstract base class for acquisition functions that require multiple types of models (#1584).
* Add `cache_root` option for qNEI in `get_acquisition_function` (#1608).

#### Other changes
* Docstring corrections (#1551, #1557, #1573).
* Removal of `_fit_multioutput_independent` and `allclose_mll` (#1570).
* Better numerical behavior for fully Bayesian models (#1576).
* More verbose Scipy `minimize` failure messages (#1579).
* Lower-bound noise in`SaasPyroModel` to avoid Cholesky errors (#1586).

#### Bug fixes
* Error rather than failing silently for NaN values in box decomposition (#1554).

> * Fix jitter in `_psd_safe_pyro_mvn_sample` (#1564).

Reviewer: `_psd_safe_pyro_mvn_sample` got removed, so no need to include this.

> * Fix jitter in `_psd_safe_pyro_mvn_sample` (#1564).

Author: ```suggestion
```

* Make `get_bounds_as_ndarray` device-safe (#1567).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
